# Lol a letter! no, It's a response.
a response for that letter from you C.

Wow, i still get invalidated after eveything.
Alright, To start this, I hope you realize I have your brother’s contact info and your mom, i know she wouldnt care about it anyway. However remember how your brother acknowledged me to be your partner? Someone so loyal to you and committed to you, yet you found someone so recent that you became so attached and obsessive. it's crazy for you to say that im acting like this as if im Immature when im gonna turn 18 in the next months, Alright lets say What do you think will happen if I tell him everything if i was very mad at you? i wouldn't because I still had sympathy for your image to your brother and family. Can’t you understand and see that what you were doing is considered cheating? Said by my auntie’s friend who is a Philosophy teacher. 

I didn’t get a glance for you to understand my side and feelings, as a male partner, yet you have the audacity to be upset about how I reacted that made you lose interest and feelings oh and that was out of frustration? Immature as fuck to be honest and Fuck you. Like Instead of owning up to it? Even when you tried, I didn’t see any signs or improvements from you. Don’t even say I’m not trying to help you get over something or support you when I’ve been always there for you and the only person who understood you, or have you forgotten of the values ive been giving you? you're fucking blind lmao. Dont you dare mention something when I've been there for you even when things crumbling with your family and friends. theres times even when I’ve got so much responsibilities to handle then the pressure I'm dealing with while knowing that you're admiring and obsessing over him. I had to, because I simply fucking care. It’s quite stupid and degenerate for you to replace me over someone you just met in fucking Pony Town. Don’t even dare to reason your mental health of getting too attached when you didn’t understand mine. Guilt tripping me by cutting yourself to make me feel bad is stupid, by the way.

Now you’re here sharing our deepest secrets when I didn’t, because I had no intention to do so, because I’m not that type of guy to ruin someone’s image. And on top of that, that was my past self you're babbling about. You think a person can’t change? It’s quite immature for you to share those past selves of me just to make me look bad when you’re the one here bitching about someone you just met very recently. What do you think that makes me feel like as your partner within the three weeks? Right.

For those people I doxxed two years ago, I’m very sorry from the bottom of my heart and I hope the best for those people and good health. I’ve already reflected on my mistakes in December by stopping and changing my ways for the better. Even when I doxxed someone, I didn’t have the intention of sharing it to the public, only to you and R, because I trusted both of you. I mean, we’ve been best friends for six years. I even remember you asked me to dox someone in Roblox because you were getting annoyed and upset, lol.

Yes, I’ve been sending gore videos and made you watch that snuff clip before and i admit i was curious and im sorry for that and i wished you had the courage to stop me and tell me that you were not okay with it, about the gore videos, i send them only to the three of you. I mean, do I have to repeat myself? And I’m very sorry from the bottom of my heart for that. That was also two years ago, and I’ve also reflected for not doing that again. Again, sharing someone’s secret is stupid, you really have to pin it to your BIO account huh? infront of many people. And I hope you don’t heal and recover from your mental health too when you shattered mine very much during the last three weeks of us being together, and i will never be sorry for what i have said, i mean why should i be sorry? It’s quite a shame that I’ve been sharing and shouting you out from mall announcements, friends, school announcements, showing how proud I was, but for now I don’t really care anymore as I’ve fully moved on, because at least I do something that makes me happy.

And why do you care about me boasting my boyfriend? Honestly fuck off and get over me. At least he’s been with me, supporting me during those times while when im opening up to you, instead of helping you just make me feel bad especially on the drinking part, set aside that you didnt like it but what did you do? you just made me feel bad for telling it to you instead of helping me. Before you say I also cheated on you, we were fucking friends supporting each other. During those three weeks, at least he understood my side and supported me to get through it. Oh, forgot to mention, I can’t believe you would mention my past ex and reveal his age, showing our one year age gap. What are you trying to do, make me look like a pedo? Dumbass.

Yes, he has made me do NSFW commissions, that’s true, but I’m very sorry for that. I only did that because I loved him. I mean, he was my first after all, and I would give myself to him because I wanted to make him happy, not until I found out he was actually using me for art. Its a good thing my friend who still had hold of you told me about the letter, other wise I'd left without saying anything because I've blocked you and forget about your existence in my life. 

I was expecting you to make a message about me someday, just like you did to K, so I could respond and say my sorries and wish you good health. Even when I called you the B word, at least give ourselves good terms after everything. But I did not expect you’d take it in a different approach, kinda stupid ngl. Hahahahaha. Mentioning how I acted before, my exes, and the NSFWs I’ve been doing two years ago as if I can’t change and do better. Are you time-frozen, girl? Lmao.

Also, about how you fell for him just because of his aura and how he’s treating you like a boy which was actually soo stupid tbh, and trying to emotionally manipulate me by saying it’s because of that GB and you were overwhelmed when I’m not even asking much. Which led me to be more patient because I even believed you can change your ways, and then you said you didn’t like the title of the relationship as if you weren’t ready. I hope you get the context, getting in a relationship is a long-term fucking commitment. Tbh, what a lame ass response from you.

Things wouldn’t have gone this way if you hadn’t fucking confessed to me in the first place, so that I didn’t get to be with you and actually find someone better. And I’m happy that I did find someone actually so much better, and I’ve already healed from this bullshit because of our bond and support for each other as we’ve experienced the same thing in our past relationships, which made us stronger. Yeah, I boast him because? I’m simply fucking happy and proud that I found someone like him, so why do you have to mention that? As if you dont boast that guy almost every day even when we were in a relattionship and over it.

I once promised myself I’d never fall in love again after you. But with him, I did, because he’s incredibly kind to me and understanding. I don’t need a year to heal this time; moving on just feels easier now i met him.

And I don’t really care about the three followers as I’m using my GitHub to express myself, and I can’t believe you can check it even when I blocked you. I wish blocking you had so many features that you wouldn’t even see me. I’ve blocked you throughout every social media so I don’t remember you again, and it helped me significantly to move on after the incident.

I’ve made a long message about how i felt and a response of what you’ve been saying to A after i declared, you can ask him about the whole details, and I hope you fucking understand because every sentence there had fabrics of my soul.

And honestly I'm saddened on how you turned and changed around March and April. Call me immature who is a 17 year old turning 18 this year but atleast i didnt had the idea to replace, obsessed, idolize and admire someone i just met in a Pony town while I'm in a relationship, its called loyalty. 

Clarify stuff all you want to your silly Github account that has 600 people to look and read your stupid letter so that i get the bad image and your Pony town circle, But the fact will remain that you cheated one me and i hope all of them get to see my response.

I've kept quiet after everything because again, im in a process of forgetting you existed in my life, and i didnt even said shit about you mentioning him or anything about you in my social medias, but Now reading that especially for me boasting my boyfriend, Said by me, R, K and my other friends to this matter, just Fuck off honestly and  please, mined your own fucking business and stop digging in to the past and to the same hole fucking bitch, because its already over, grow up.

Last thing, you've changed significantly because of that guy, Which is incredibly disappointing as fuck even K, R understood it. And i hope you keep up using GB as an excuse as it get the worse of you with your future self. sharing my secrets with your friends and gossiping them about my new boyfriend, like why do you care lmao? Fuck you and you can Fuck off and ride your Mans pony penis.

I've never been this Frustrated and angry for every fiber in my muscles, but words cant express how angry i am for what you have to say about me. And secretly say stuff behind my back, i hope both of you get into a car crash and get into coma for many years.

Bye. I hope I don’t ever hear from you again and forget about me. As you do the same.

Another note: Im gonna keep this message up, and i still fucking hate you soo much and it will stay like that, you're absolutely disgusting and a horrible person calling out on someone that almost hanged himself isntead of admitting what you're actually been doing. Cheating can kill someone you know~ 

Now, Off you go 🥰




